Remove Rust runtime dependency in the Exonum tests [ECR-3931] (#1633)
exonum/exonum: CHANGELOG.md

  in the state aggregation. (#1553)

> - Added support of unsized keys to `MapIndex`. (#1621)

Reviewer: Merge artifact ?

#### exonum

- `sandbox` module was moved to the `test-suite/consensus-tests`. (#1627)

> - Some of test was moved to the `test-suite/node-tests`. (#1633)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Some of general-purpose tests were moved to the `test-suite/node-tests`. (#1633)
```

#### exonum

- `sandbox` module was moved to the `test-suite/consensus-tests`. (#1627)

> - Some of general-purpose tests were moved to the `test-suite/node-tests`. (#1633)

Reviewer: Split entities with empty line please
